We have an announcement for the Bethel family regarding an agreement that has been reached
to sell the six buildings comprising the 117 Adams Street and 90 Sand Street complex in Brooklyn.
The primary purpose here was to produce Bible literature that would help people to come to
Nogihova and to understand his will and purpose and become disciples of Christ.
I would walk through the press room and it smelled of ink and paper.
It was noisy, but it was wonderful for me.
117 Adams Street will always remain part of my life.
We've always said what we produced helped people to gain a relationship with Jehovah and others to maintain a relationship with Jehovah.
So that was the focus of everything we did here.
117 was just buzzing, you know, with machines and people coming over the bridges and equipment
and it was just thrilling just to walk around there.
We had this building before on Concord Street, but it was nothing to compare with this building.
117 was the apex.
It was places faded into oblivion.
We now had the state of the art in the 117 Adams Street building.
The presses were on some of the higher floors and then when they would produce the material for books,
they would go through a slide down to the next floor.
And then they would drop down and shipping down below and go out.
But as a work kept increasing, we had to get new roller represses for one time.
We had 40 roller represses. We were running them all the time.
And keeping in mind in the early days, all of the books for the world were printed here.
The limitations now with space here in Brooklyn has required that we look for other places in order to print and acquire the necessary equipment
that technology now is producing in order to get the work done.
The funds that we derive from the sale of the buildings allow us to be able to move the work ahead right now.
Now when you think of our JW.org, as far as the exposure of the truth to millions of people, much greater than the few people that would pass by that physical building.
117 will always have these memories because of what was accomplished there.
When they were printing the truth book and they're a million behind the demand.
The excitement, the things that took place there in those buildings, well that's enriching.
God's people have never been sentimental being attached to something material.
And now we need to move on. We've always been willing to do that.
What they did resulted in a tremendous worldwide witness. People know about Jehovah's Witnesses now.
117 Adam Street has been a tool in Jehovah's Hand.